#arch_black by popbot: based on the orignial:
#         5lack8lack: fluxbox/blackbox style file made by zanimo, august 2004. Artistic License.

toolbar:                        raised gradient vertical
toolbar.color:                  #3C3C3C
toolbar.colorTo:               #000000

toolbar.button:                 raised gradient vertical
toolbar.button.color:           #3C3C3C
toolbar.button.colorTo:        #000000
toolbar.button.picColor:       #ffffff

toolbar.button.pressed:         sunken
toolbar.button.pressed.color:   #e7e7e7

toolbar.clock:                  parentRelative
toolbar.clock.textColor:        #ffffff

toolbar.label:                  parentRelative
toolbar.label.textColor:        #ffffff

toolbar.windowLabel:            parentRelative
toolbar.windowLabel.textColor:  #ffffff

toolbar.justify:                center

menu.title:                     raised gradient vertical
menu.title.color:               #3C3C3C
menu.title.colorTo:             #000000
menu.title.textColor:           #ffffff
menu.title.justify:             center

menu.frame:                     flat solid
menu.frame.color:               #1D1D1D
menu.frame.textColor:           #e7e7e7
menu.frame.justify:             left

menu.hilite:                    flat solid
menu.hilite.color:              #000000
menu.hilite.textColor:          #49136

menu.bullet:                    triangle
menu.bullet.position:           right

window.title.focus:             flat solid
window.title.focus.color:       #000000
window.title.unfocus:           flat solid
window.title.unfocus.color:     #000000

window.label.focus:             raised gradient vertical
window.label.focus.color:       #3C3C3C
window.label.focus.colorTo:     #000000
window.label.focus.textColor:   #ffffff
window.label.unfocus:           raised gradient vertical
window.label.unfocus.color:     #3C3C3C
window.label.unfocus.colorTo:   #000000
window.label.unfocus.textColor: #3C3C3C

window.button.focus:            raised gradient vertical
window.button.focus.color:      #3C3C3C
window.button.focus.colorTo:    #000000
window.button.focus.picColor:   #ffffff
window.button.unfocus:          raised gradient vertical
window.button.unfocus.color:    #3C3C3C
window.button.unfocus.colorTo:  #000000
window.button.unfocus.picColor: #3C3C3C
window.button.pressed:          sunken gradient vertical
window.button.pressed.color:    #3C3C3C
window.button.pressed.colorTo:  #000000

window.frame.focusColor:        #000000
window.frame.unfocusColor:      #000000

window.handle.focus:            flat solid
window.handle.focus.color:      #3C3C3C
window.handle.unfocus:          flat solid
window.handle.unfocus.color:    #000000

window.grip.focus:              raised gradient vertical
window.grip.focus.color:        #3C3C3C
window.grip.focus.colorTo:      #000000
window.grip.unfocus:            raised gradient vertical
window.grip.unfocus.color:      #000000
window.grip.unfocus.colorTo:    #e7e7e7


window.tab.justify:             Center

window.justify:                 right

borderColor:                    black

bevelWidth:                     1
borderWidth:                    1
handleWidth:                    3

*font:                          sans bold-8


